Mar 87:

Added variables maxpsht and maxpswid to override built-in
8.5x11 limits on maximum picture.  Use for landscape mode,
for example.

Jan 86:

Fixed .PS x y to specify x and y scaling.
Uses the more constraining, rather than changing
the aspect ratio.

May 85:

"solid" is now a valid (though uninteresting) attribute.

Mar 85:

Limited amount of point arithmetic:
	point +/- point
works

Dec, 1984:

reset varlist
	resets built-in variables in list to default values.
	empty list resets everything.

sprintf("format", exprlist)
	returns a text string suitable for use anywhere "..."
	can be used.

sh X anything X
	passes "anything" to a shell for execution after
	replacing any defined terms in it.

Nov, 1984:

line expr and move expr are treated as line/move by expr
in current direction.

The -D option has been rendered obsolete -- all output is
produced with \D commands.  The -T option is also 
meaningless -- the output is independent of typesetter.

A new variable "arrowhead" controls printing of arrowheads,
by defining the number of lines printed in a little fan.
Default is 2;  values around 7 give a filled-in head;
other values are basically worthless.  Arrowheads on arcs
are now tilted somewhat in an attempt to improve their
appearance.

"undef foo" removes the definition of foo.

July 1984:

The functions log, exp (both base 10), sqrt, sin, cos, atan2(,),
max, min (2 arguments only), int, and rand (which returns a
float random on [0,1)) are now available,  stolen directly
from grap.

Added copy, for and if from grap:
	copy "file"
	copy "file" thru X macro body X
	copy thru X macro X [until "str"]
	for var = expr to expr [by expr] do X anything X
	if expr then X anything [else X anything X]

In a copy, any .PS or .PE is discarded [sic], so copied files
can be nested without editing.  .PS <file still works
but its use is discouraged.

In an if, you can also test "string1" == "string2" or
"string1" != "string2"

The text primitive is now more systematic:
"..." ".." "." makes an invisible object with
properties much like a box.  Height and width
are settable:  explicit ht and wid modifiers
affect a specific instance;  variables textht
and textwid affect all subsequent occurrences.
"textht" is the height of one line, so the height
of n strings is n*textht.

Added code from Eric Grosse to correctly compute bounding
box for arcs.  Also defined corners for arcs as same as
corresponding circle, an idea due to Tom Cargill.

Limits on text strings, attributes and objects grow until
memory limit reached.

Permits E format on input numbers.

Output produced in inches, not units, so somewhat more
typesetter-independent.  The environment variable TYPESETTER
is examined.

Saves and restores fill state around .PS/.PE.

.PS wid ht
can be used to set width and height separately for picture;
default ht is to scale in same proportion as width (as before).
May give surprising results when both x and y values are given.
