The troff in this directory is a troff that produces
machine-independent output.  It requires a file of
descriptive information about the particular typesetter
you have in mind, and produces output parameterized for
that device.

Thus:
	troff -Pva ...
produces output for the varian raster plotter.  (This is
the default.)

To make this work, one needs to create a set of device and
font descriptions in the directory
	/usr/lib/font/devxxx
where "xxx" is your device name.

Currently supported devices are
	va	benson/varian raster plotter
	vp	Versatec wide raster plotter
	ip	canon/imagen laser printer
	ter	terminals/line-printer

The "DESC" files contain information about the devices and
their character sets.  These files are in ../driver/?font.desc.

In addition, each font needs a description of its characters,
width and device-driving codes; these are with the DESC files.

The program "devconfig" will convert these text descriptions
into a binary form that the troff can slurp up in a single
gulp during initialization; these wind up in devva/DESC.out
(which includes default font info) and XX.out for info about
font XX.

The second half of the job is to write a post-processor that
converts the more or less machine-independent troff output
into specific codes for your favorite typesetter.  The ../driver
directory has drivers for all the above-mentioned printers.

One can always simply run
	troff
and look at the output; it is guaranteed to be ascii text and
thus safe to edit, grep, etc. (since it is ascii, it is also
guaranteed to be quite voluminous.)

On our system, /usr/local/troff is actually a shell program
(also included as troff.sh) that detects -Pxxx arguments;  the
current default is va.

Putting output codes into the font description files seems like
the right thing to do but I'm not happy yet.  Accordingly, the
formats of any or all of the files described here are subject to
drastic change; hang loose.

To clear up one potential misapprehension, the code in this
directory has not been retrofitted to make an nroff. That would
require major surgery, primarily on n6.c and n10.c.

As it says in the Unix warranty:
	"There is no warranty of merchantability nor any warranty
	of fitness for a particular purpose nor any other warranty,
	either express or implied, as to the accuracy of the
	enclosed materials or as to their suitability for any
	particular purpose.  Accordingly, Bell Telephone
	Laboratories assumes no responsibility for their use by the
	recipient.   Further, Bell Laboratories assumes no obligation
	to furnish any assistance of any kind whatsoever, or to
	furnish any additional information or documentation."

Nevertheless, I will try to answer questions in cases of dire
necessity.  Suggestions and other comments would be appreciated.

Brian W. Kernighan
(with modifications by David Slattengren, U.C. Berkeley)
